# Generate Electronic Health Records using Recurrent Generative Adversarial Networks

## Python Files ##

* ### WGANmodel.py ### 
  Defines the model and other functionalities for Wassertein distanfce based RGAN model.
* ### model.py ### 
  Defines the model and other functionalities for the RGAN model.
* ### mmd.py ### 
  Functionality to calculate the Maximum Median Discrepancy to assess the GANs.
* ### mod_core_rnn_cell_impl.py ### 
  LSTM cell implementation with some modifications.
* ### plotting.py ### 
  Used to plot the loss and mmd curves.

## Jupyter Notebooks - requires the above python files to be in the same folder. Rest of the code is self contained. ##

* ### LSTMGAN-BS56LR0.01GR10SeqLen30-Sepsis.ipynb ### 
  Jupyter notebook for training a Recurrent GAN using LSTMs for Sepsis patients.
* ### LSTMGAN-BS56LR0.01GR10SeqLen30-Non-Sepsis.ipynb ### 
  Jupyter notebook for training a Recurrent GAN using LSTMs for Non-Sepsis patients.
* ### LSTM_WGAN_sepsis.ipynb ###
  Jupyter notebook for training a Recurrent GAN using Wasserstein distance as a cost function for Sepsis patients.
* ### LSTM_WGAN_Nonsepsis.ipynb ### 
  Jupyter notebook for training a Recurrent GAN using Wasserstein distance as a cost function for Non-Sepsis patients.
* ### TRTS.ipynb ###
  Train on Real, Test on Synthetic : Jupyter notebook which trains a LSTM based timeseries classifier trained on real data and tested on synthetic data generated by the RGAN. It is used to asses the performance of the RGAN.
* ### TSTR.ipynb ### 
  Train on Synthetic, Test on Real : Jupyter notebook which trains a LSTM based timeseries classifier trained on synthetic data  generated   by the RGAN and tested on real data. It is used to asses the performance of the RGAN.
* ### TRTS-WGAN.ipynb ### 
  Train on Real, Test on Synthetic : Jupyter notebook which trains a LSTM based timeseries classifier trained on real data and tested on synthetic data generated by the RWGAN. It is used to asses the performance of the RWGAN.
* ### TSTR-WGAN.ipynb ### 
  Train on Synthetic, Test on Real : Jupyter notebook which trains a LSTM based timeseries classifier trained on synthetic data  generated   by the RWGAN and tested on real data. It is used to asses the performance of the RWGAN.

## Reference ##
## https://github.com/ratschlab/RGAN ##
